[doc:rgb] fix link to neopixel lib (#485)
KMKfw/kmk_firmware: docs/rgb.md

## CircuitPython
If not running KMKPython, this does require the NeoPixel library from Adafruit.

> This can be downloaded
> [here](https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CircuitPython_NeoPixel/blob/main/neopixel.py)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This does require the [NeoPixel library from Adafruit](https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CircuitPython_NeoPixel/blob/main/neopixel.py).
```

KMKPython is abandoned + improve bad practice "[here]" link
